Pre parse callback (#251)
henryiii/CLI11: README.md

-app.add_mutable_set_ignore_case_underscore(... // 🆕 String only
```

> An option name must start with a alphabetic character, underscore, a number🚧, or one 🚧 of '$', '?', '#', '@', '%'. For long options, after the first character '.', and '-' are also valid characters. For the `add_flag*` functions '{' has special meaning. Names are given as a comma separated string, with the dash or dashes. An option or flag can have as many names as you want, and afterward, using `count`, you can use any of the names, with dashes as needed, to count the options. One of the names is allowed to be given without proceeding dash(es); if present the option is a positional option, and that name will be used on help line for its positional form. If you want the default value to print in the help description, pass in `true` for the final parameter for `add_option`.

Reviewer: Why $? That's hard to add in most bash-like shells.

Reviewer: It might be okay to support $, it just seems a bit odd. I know that `-?` can be useful.

Author: /? is pretty standard for help in windows applications, and as I am converting other applications most of the time I just support help with -? and that failed the first time I tried it. So that is the most useful one.  The others I used -@ once as a shortcut for --address.  I guess I can see `$` being potentially problematic in bash.  If you wanted to remove all but '?'  that is probably fine.

Reviewer: I'd like to drop `$` to avoid issues with bash shells (adding a `--$this` option would not behave as expected), similarly `#` and `%` (comments in bash, Variables in windows) `?` is safe, as is `@` I think. However, the code could support `$#%` still; I just don't think they should be advertised. The only issue is if you want to reserve these as shortcuts, like the `!{}` chars.

> Note: if you have a fixed number of required positional options, that will match before subcommand names. `{}` is an empty filter function.

#### Callbacks 
A subcommand has two optional callbacks that are executed at different stages of processing.  The `preparse_callback` 🚧 is executed once after the first argument of a subcommand or application is processed and gives an argument for the number of remaining arguments to process.  For the main app the first argument is considered the program name,  for subcommands the first argument is the subcommand name.  For Option groups and nameless subcommands the first argument is after the first argument or subcommand is processed from that group.

> The second callback is executed after parsing.  Depending on the status of the `immediate_callback` flag 🚧.  This is either immediately after the parsing of the subcommand.  Or if the flag is false, once after parsing of all arguments.  If the immediate_callback is set then the callback can be executed multiple times.   If the main app or subcommand has a config file, no data from the config file will be reflected in immediate_callback. `immediate_callback()` has no effect on the main app.  For option_groups `immediate_callback` causes the callback to be run prior to other option groups and options in the main app, effectively giving the options in the group priority.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second callback is executed after parsing.  The behavior depends on the status of the `immediate_callback` flag 🚧. If true, this runs immediately after the parsing of the subcommand.  Or if the flag is false, once after parsing of all arguments.  If the `immediate_callback` is set then the callback can be executed multiple times if the subcommand list given multiple times.  If the main app or subcommand has a config file, no data from the config file will be reflected in immediate_callback. `immediate_callback()` has no effect on the main app, though it can be inherited.  For option_groups `immediate_callback` causes the callback to be run prior to other option groups and options in the main app, effectively giving the options in the group priority.  
```

For example say an application was set up like
```cpp
app.callback(ac);
sub1=app.add_subcommand("sub1")->callback(c1)->preparse_callback(pc1)->immediate_callback();
sub2=app.add_subcommand("sub2")->callback(c2)->preparse_callback(pc2);
app.preparse_callback( pa1);

... A bunch of other options

> ```

Reviewer: Remove ending blank line inside the code fence, add blank lines around all code fences (some markdown parsers will not parse correctly if a code fence is not surrounded by whitespace).

Then the command line is given as

```
program --opt1 opt1_val  sub1 --sub1opt --sub1optb val sub2 --sub2opt sub1 --sub1opt2 sub2 --sub2opt2 val
```

* pa will be called prior to parsing any values with an argument of 14.
* pc1 will be called immediately after processing the sub1 command with a value of 10.
* c1 will be called when the `sub2` command is encountered
* pc2 will be called with value of 6 after the sub2 command is encountered.
* c1 will be called again after the second sub2 command is encountered
* c2 will be called once after processing all arguments 
* ac will be called after completing the parse and all lower level callbacks have been executed

> A subcommand is considered terminated when one of the following conditions are met.

Reviewer: Add a blank line before starting (or ending) a list. Some markdown parsers need space.
